camera rolling this AMD $5,000 ultimate
Tech upgrade it's going to be a little
bit different like this give me the
camera it's for our camera guy Andrew
he's a really great guy he's witty
thoughtful a full third of his upgrade
is going to his so and he's even got an
accent go on say something oh God I
don't know what to say right now you
kidding me uh look I said it was going
to be awkward yeah yeah thank you yeah
isn't he dreamy though too bad he spent
his upgrade money on a bunch of here for
vlogging his motorbike tour so enjoy him
while he's still around everyone thanks
AMD this is going to be a good one I'm
going to
[Music]
die win one of three Call of Duty themed
gift boxes featuring the new ryzen 79800
x3d the fastest gaming CPU on the market
and Rog Alx and even an AMD Call of Duty
hat you can't get this gift box from any
retail store so don't miss your chance
head to the link in the description for
your chance to win I have to say the
vibe of this place feels almost
unnaturally cozy and comfortable for me
hey reys uh can you please go grab
something over there for me
sure yeah whatever man all right yeah
yeah I don't even I didn't even notice
it was so low until he walked in you
know tell me this I mean did you really
have to go this full Lord of the Rings
hog okay I know we're basically Hobbits
yeah I know do you even actually have an
Irish accent or is that just a bit
you're putting on I can't not do an
Irish jaon in all seriousness this feels
borderline obsessive like after work you
just come home every day and read Lord
of the Rings I've never read any of them
my girlfriend is a big uh collector here
Emma is she loves Lord of the Rings all
that stuff but she's also a big reader
so you can see over there I'm very
dyslexic so I've only read probably four
books in my entire life you roll of
course so okay I'll tell you something
right there's a bit of a theme we're
standing right by the Light I swear to
God Andrew he's actually really great
when he's behind the camera really good
sense of awareness on the set it's
literally the opposite my girlfriend's
also Swedish so there's a mix of Ireland
and Sweden in
here that Swedish berries yeah oh I mean
these aren't actually Swedish are they
the fish ones are yeah how did he beat
me Tuda these are really famous in
Sweden I don't know why since we're over
here why don't we take a look at your
setup uh this oh this isn't your Wi-Fi
password it is yeah get rid of that yeah
I don't have a router so it's so your
neighbor's Wi-Fi so it's your neighbor's
Wi-Fi my landlord and he lives upstairs
there's a lot of that kind of [__] going
on so yeah speaking of stealing let's
see if we can find anything that Andrew
lifted from work like say for
example this project mat like I brought
that for this did you pay for it no
sounds like stolen thanks Adam see he
shot a fair number of these so he knows
what I'm going to be looking for for I
bet he didn't think I'd be looking for
this this believe it or not that's
something that we just have I kind of
like things the way they are you know
what I mean organized slash mhm you know
he doesn't need multiple kinds of cereal
he just needs cereal he likes it the way
it is yeah I like everything the way it
is which is why I take it out of the bag
it comes and to put in a different jar
what I gather then from the stealing of
the neighbor's Wi-Fi and all of that is
that while you haven't taken anything
from the office it's more to do with
that none of it entices you no offense
to the office office right but no it's
just not my thing oh [__] straight away
right there you go yeah that belongs to
the office there's no way you bought
medical tape no what about second roll
of tape we don't use that what about
Ridge
wallet I mean sure say they could have
it yeah found an international power
cord I'm International I have no idea
what's in there I've heard that before
Oh okay it's my old laptop this was my
main editing rig when I used to work for
myself and at the past company funny
story
um I found this laptop by watching your
videos basically back in 2017 yeah not
this particular one I don't think you
ever had anything to do with with this
laptop in particular but I knew what
specs to look out for all that kind of
thing just thanks to that yeah now you
give people the tech tips let's take a
look at the rig upgrade do you use this
for editing or gaming or what yeah
editing video editing it's kind of mid
tier I I used to do freelance work but
right now I'm I just do it for pleasure
so now um why do you have a low profile
cooler in here this is yeah inexpertly
built oh okay with all due respect what
the actual heck is going on with the
front of this computer it's been moved
from there to there and I never noticed
that there was so much dust at the front
of it we're getting rid of it who cares
sure are I noticed you're going for a
significantly smaller build with the
Loki ghost S1 yes indeed want to
downsize want to make more room on our
desk over there for crafts and things
like that and uh also you're into
crafting are you yeah a little bit it's
more my girlfriend but yeah I I craft a
bit you know well I will now that I have
all this new stuff what are you going to
make the plan is like stickers like
merch but not to sell like just for her
friends and stuff like that that kind of
thing okay but what are you going to
craft I'm probably going to craft some
sort of decals for my bike I would come
up with a name of like the crew make a
sticker for it and put it on all the
stop signs and stuff oh don't admit F
[__] I don't care what are you going to
do you I mean I'm not from
here they
don't why don't we get the build started
so you're reusing your old GPU but
basically everything else is new so
ryzen 9700x that aligns well with the
goal of video editing so we got 8 cores
Zen 5 architecture you've got what I
assume is going to be 32 gigs of RAM
here nailed it 4 tbte SSD who needs that
kind of solid state storage I actually
don't think I asked for that it says on
your parts say 2 terabytes so I don't
know if you get to keep that it's in the
pile I'm keeping it you know what I mean
I picked this um when we did Emily's
gaming van I took I took a photo of the
motorboard and I was like that is going
to be perfect and then big fat 850 W
power supply I asked Adam about this
Adam's here that's the one isn't it yes
that's that's the one so apparently this
will fit how about this before we start
the build let's go take a look at some
of the bike upgrades for sure wait I
missed the office theft that was right
in front of me he's been wearing our
cargo pants since long before they came
out oh yeah and you know what these are
my second pair I offered to test them
because we like to put batteries and all
that crap in our pockets so yeah good
pants though available now LTT store.com
this is my bike you might recognize it I
do um it's an
sv650s yes s stands for Less comfortable
than the regular one yeah it pretty much
does but you look so much cooler it's
it's a pretty cool bike yours I think is
a 2003 yeah 2003 this is a 2010 this is
a really late for this um type I don't
think they kept making the S after this
year this is a smart choice because mine
doesn't have abs exactly was probably
the biggest change that they made from
2003 to now in terms of bike safety and
um yeah this guy doesn't have it are
this a brake fluid reservoir right
there's always something covering it I
have no idea why I was driving down
Highway 1 and someone recognized the LTT
on it no way yeah all right do me a
favor buddy uh go get a piece of wood
yeah you bet yeah we've canadianized him
he calls people buddy now yeah buddy hey
buddy hey buddy oh I went the [__]
biggest piece you could find F oh my God
what are we changing then not much
actually uh I've got a top box that I'll
show you that normally goes on the back
here M we're going to try and make it so
that we can have camera equipment with
us on the tours but for the bike itself
we're going to put decals on the wheels
like Rim tape and stuff like that cool
all right I'm not sure they sent over
two well you got two wheels don't you
well well you see I hope so because
they're very different colors what do
you prefer this one's rubbish yeah isn't
it yeah I mean and it's a far completely
different Andrew look who theck is
Andrew George definitely not me that's a
real British
name okay do you think he's having a go
at you he might be having a go yeah he's
from Sweden though oh there's a lot of
Swedish people in my life I don't know
how to happen
but it's not designed for Hobbits this
one all right help me here okay right
okay actually helpful mate I'm allowed
to give him [__] about being short oh
God
oh wait did you want me to let go of the
break when we were doing that I hope
you're I hope you're a joking it' be the
first time someone's been fired on their
upgrade shoot you know what I mean me oh
no it'll be me I'm telling you lmg Dogg
floatplane float plane exclusive why
does Andrew trying to put the bike on
yeah this is this is bull yeah little oh
yeah yeah keep it
going no wonder so many people quit
after we do these things he told me that
he didn't
real yeah there's no way I'm going to
let that make the cut okay can I help
with anything like wait that was it
you're just going to give it a wipe down
that was the dry there's so much dust on
it it's barely even cleaner than your
computer what do we think WD40 probably
I mean that'll clean it but then how do
we clean off the WD40 it's a bit of a
pain in the ARs I lick it off I love it
don't do that H I'll go get another
cloth Please Don't Spray the brake with
this you spray a Brak yet just saying
spray the break with the wd4 it's
probably going to be fine I'm not going
to help you with anything Don't Spray
the break this is what it's meant to
look like we'll show you in a second wa
that's cool I don't think we're getting
that effect dude these are giant
freaking stickers getting these
perfectly aligned is going to be a thing
okay well one thing I got figured out
already is this yeah goes here on the
rim so why don't we start with that I'm
probably going to screw it out you know
what it already looks
good I mean sure maybe that's all we
need we are going to have a conversation
once you've done that first one though
about what it's going to look like okay
conversation yeah you're in trouble it's
not bad I mean that's on yeah that's
pretty that looks good why don't we only
do this but we do all the wheels with
this oh okay wait no now I'm super
confused because we totally have enough
of these ones to do both Wheels yeah
this is enough I hope it's enough okay
then we're good so somebody probably
looked at that straight away and knew
that we had enough and now we look like
two yeah do you want Reese to do the
stickers no wow rude okay let's see what
these guys are up to hold on we'll come
back to the stickers wow the mod mat
ended up on my on my yeah cuz it's heat
resistant so if I turn the stove on it
should be totally no the ghost S one is
very small yeah uh luckily this is a
customade cooler from noctu that's
designed specifically for this case
really they did that yep they modified
it it's the ghost S1 Edition I will say
this is my first time really getting
work done with the Precision kit uh-huh
the magnetic lid is so amazing that's
the screws from the motherboard that's
screws for the case and they're they're
in that cooler going to handle the 9700
X okay yeah it should right right it's
freaking that's why we went new you can
decide which power profile you want to
use the stock 65 wat profile or AMD now
warranties a 105 watt profile that
increases performance compared to our
original review but obviously it's going
to run a little hotter all right why
don't we get back to sticker time sure
yeah this Adam seems to have this under
control good going to come off yeah
she's going she's going what am I
doing sure you ready yeah here we go
first spin ow I can't spin it it's hard
I mean that looks all right doesn't it
right yeah I I was real skeptical about
this when I saw it like yeah it's all
right that's actually not bad that looks
good yeah [__] [__] [__] what your side
is better than my side yeah but my side
I put the thing in the wrong spot yeah
there's plenty of time for mine to get
worse there's definitely a few more
bubbles in it this time and I think that
from 6 ft away you know next to you in
traffic that's not going to be
noticeable you never know what these AMD
upgrade videos are going to devolve into
this is like 20% actual Tech hardware
and like 80% putting stickers on a
motorcycle I'm not going to lie I was a
little bit worried because like I'm not
like a techy I don't know mechanical
stuff is more my interest you know what
I mean well that's the thing that I
think a lot of our content misses the
point of sometimes is that Tech is a
means to an end yeah it's not just for
the sake of tech like why are we doing
this so that we can like Vlog our
touring and like edit it together and
that's why we need a good computer not
because we just like to look at the
computer what do you think it's not
great because of the there's a thing
here oh yeah wow no you actually it yeah
now watch me do it even
worse it's not a competition that's who
could do it worse please just always
drive in the right lane I I I will oh
she's perfect why didn't I think of this
why am I putting all this work into
painting just stickers on it I have
little girls so my experience putting
stickers on things appears to be uh
pretty aced here compared to the average
compar to what to what compared to the
average dude I'm not average this is
coming together great yeah I get why
Andy doesn't like working in it though
it's very cramped and you basically have
one or order that you can do things in
so if you mess up one step you're going
to find yourself pulling something like
three or four things out just to fix it
it looks great though it looks really
cool yeah the cooling is even not going
to be that bad he's got the 92 mil on
the CPU Cooler over there big 120 mm
cooler on the power supply that's what I
love about sfx L that was a Silverstone
Innovation taking the sfx form factor
which is limited to a 92mm fan and just
Mak it a little bit bigger allowed them
to squeeze those lowprofile 120 mm fans
in there yeah because this is a Platinum
efficiency power supply it's going to be
dead quiet sick want to see a minor
problem with this case
sure okay well no no it'll go it'll go
yeah I just want to I need to get this
stuff and also before I close anything
up we got to do a a boot just to make
sure that everything's still good wise
yeah this is always the scariest part of
doing a case short circuit cuz either
you're done or it's going to be like
another
hour that's a good sign what you you
just did it without even telling the
camera guy you're going to turn the
thing J A Moment of Truth act like
everything's going great hey how's it
going great apparently yeah well the
bike looks good yeah yeah yeah why don't
you go look at it somewhere why don't
you go show the people your camera
equipment you got and go take some
pictures ofik fully functioning I guess
I'm on my own here they're finished both
front and back I think they look good
it's a little oh it's going great
computer's going great it's a little not
bad it only wobbles a little yeah it's
only a little it's a lot less than my
paint job did okay I got this this with
the bike it doesn't look great or
anything like that but you know it is
for traveling and things yeah let's show
them how much storage this bike has on
its own look at my all my camera gear
and that's the included toolkit so like
48 L goes on here yeah this is a camera
insert from moments I got exactly cuz
we're going to velcro it so I'm going to
get these power Banks so I can charge my
stuff on the move I got a cardo this is
a Bluetooth speaker that goes in your
helmet and it's a communication device
and means that on my way into work for
example I can listen to music do you
want to describe what that camera is
nope okay I don't know what it is it's a
DJI action 4 they brought out a five but
I was too late but also I didn't really
I don't need the five I'm getting uh ND
filters so I can keep the shutter speed
the way I want to cinematic and then I
got this um mic adapter and I'm going to
run that into my helmet from here oh so
that means when I can go around like oh
look at the view people or people I'm
probably not going to share any of that
stuff but like I don't know there's a
lot of noise out there you know I don't
don't know if want to I don't know if
people want want to see it maybe sure
well you know that now that you've said
that the entire comment section is be
upload it upload it do it do it um I got
this one from chin mounts it'll actually
fit my specific model helmet oh cool
it'll go here oh yeah okay that's why
they call them chin mounts all right
let's dude you're going to be looking at
your tank here to about here oh okay so
I could see like here but what if we did
hang it upside down we could try that oh
yeah better yeah yeah that's pretty good
you can see the instrument cluster and
you can also actually see anything like
I can see up to here oh perfect yeah
nice wide angle you can see any like
leprechauns that are running by
and Jam
rocks he can't get down from there so
I'm
safe anyway we got to figure out the
audio setup though yeah I know since
we're in here do you want to talk about
some of the upgrades that aren't for you
like this Cricket oh my goodness they've
gotten really small yes I actually
edited yvon's cricked short circuits
that she did oh really and ever since
then I was like you should get one of
these things to to Emma right but we
worked out that that the one that Ivonne
had or has still is just too big so yeah
we got the joy extra or something like
that it's called I actually have no idea
how these things work well you can put a
cutting thing you can put a pen thing
you can put like just like various ends
on it and it's basically just a CNC
controlled head moves around but that's
the point of the iPad there we go yeah
yeah so we got an iPad iPad Air yeah and
the pencil grab the pencil pencil yes
and then so
we draw Pencil and then print speaking
of printing uh you decided to go back to
what like the 9s and buy a printer yes
this is another thing that uh is going
to go with all our crafts the best thing
about this was I got multiple messages
on teams when it came in and every a lot
of people were like I can't believe you
got a printer yeah like I in like that
was like well done almost Rockstar move
you know you got one of the ecotank
models from Epson so you can actually
print pretty copious amounts of stuff
with these and it's pretty economical
the only drawback as we covered recently
is that if you don't print something for
a while it can get clogged like any
inkjet would but if you guys are
printing out stickers or printing out
transfers or you whatever else then uh
yeah pretty much the way to go yeah yeah
yeah did we figure out what was going on
or was it just that he was running an
older platform from some other maker and
it just started working and I didn't
question it oh I'll get started on
putting this cardo on here I'm just a
little confused by this because I got
the male side of the velcro here okay I
got the soft side here but there's
already there's already a thing oh dude
is this going to be that
easy done it just goes in there like
that that's too easy oh yeah because
that to kind of yeah just kind of stuff
it in there and then we'll put this over
top and that'll probably like kind of
mash it in there there we go all right
yeah what do you think there yeah like
just somewhere like not stupid
looking wait no don't what if I was
serious then you would have just done it
tell me right now if you don't want me
to do it no it's great tell me right now
yeah no no it's good it's good all
right we're going to have to beep so
much of this video because of this this
guy get your [__] swearing under
control give me this [__] thing I
don't I really don't want to swear that
much it's just you're you
infu yay okay there so go on there jeez
it's not great looking though is it
beautiful I can you show it to the
showing it to everybody but poor poor
Glenn's like trying to do a maneuver
sorry this looks like it's going well oh
yeah it's great look at that 72 in FM
mark on the GPU what's our CPU doing 86
86 I'll take it all core load turboing
to 4.5 he's running at full Expo speeds
it's a it's pretty pretty nice rig you
got oh no you didn't leave it in 65 watt
mode it's doing 88 Watts yeah let it do
PBO let's go now I would never call you
cool but this may be the single coolest
USB drive hey how much do you like this
lamp being right here why do you need to
move his lamp yeah I don't know cuz
there's just not really a good spot to
put his speakers unless we put them on
the side by I don't I'm worried if we
have enough room they look good though
don't they the speakers sure yeah they
like how to tell a friend/ colleague you
think they made a terrible decision with
only the tone of your
voice look at him and facial expression
there are worse speakers out there are
worst looking speakers but there are
better ones of course and that that's a
longer list do you remember where I'm
from Glenn I do somewhere miserable and
rainy so that narrows it down to
somewhere on on this island somewhere
rural it's not that rural which narrows
it down to this island this island
somewhere killmore no Ral it's right
there okay all right that was close
shout out Ral I was within what like an
hour yeah geog guesser that'd be a
pretty okay score yeah there it is
perfect ah not bad right it really is
not bad yeah see see if it goes on
okay oh sorry am I a up in your space
here it's okay I got a helmet on I guess
I'll just um talk for a minute and then
okay
I'll I'll blow air you like on the road
well I'm going real fast I'll be
raining okay and get off
the yeah you cut me off I cut your
face I'm real happy I had this down yeah
this I mean well we'll have to you'll
have to go out for a spin and we'll have
to put that in here obviously yeah yeah
actually seems like the mic that I'm
using is too hot I might come back out
tomorrow and uh shoot some more stuff
tomorrow this is just Bluetooth I think
there maxes out like four people which
is not bad right and the r but the range
is still pry not yeah the higher end
version of these has has mesh technology
so then like you could lead a group of
like 15 people or something like that
you know and it has much better range
okay I got speakers on yeah no oh is it
working yeah okay my god oh okay that's
really loud oh wow these are pretty good
okay that sounds very serviceable from
the distance I'm at why don't we talk
about your lens yes please when you were
here earlier you saw my camera equipment
set up here yeah I picked up this lens
and you said you got it for like $4 or
something yeah well it was like 15 or
something most of my lenses I use um
manual focus lenses my camera brand of
choice pan Sonic Lumix isn't known for
having the best autofocus sure they're
getting better but um I've always wanted
a 24 to 70 last item for the non- gamer
I want to get into gaming okay you know
this is like a terrible time to buy a
Nintendo switch right I didn't buy it
though thank you very appreciative yeah
you managed to buy the one console
that's not powered by AMD semic custom
silicon but sure yeah they got a shout
out look at a look at how compact we
could only do that because they're a
chip no that's no that is actually yeah
really good power efficiency and all
that yeah okay fine all right let's get
this switch set up and let's see how bad
of a gamer he is oh my God you'll have
to one one me Mario Kart it comes with
Mario Kart yeah all right let's go it
didn't occur to you at any point to
upgrade your TV as part of this did it
no do you know that you only have two
HDMI inputs and you're using both of
them um wait wait is this running
upstairs through the wall to your
neighbor yeah that's with the cable box
yeah that's how I watch One Moment of
Truth for the heckes by
[Music]
edifier what do you think for their
price they uh make noise they're fine
for most people they're not going to
offend anybody on most people okay here
we go okay I still I've already what so
X is
go this is the last piece of the upgrade
so you set an alarm gradually turns on
and it gives like a a sound similar to
the the sound machine I have over there
cool everything's touchable so if the
lights are bothering you you just go
like oh I pissed it off broke it already
I take a phone call and come back in
everybody's piled into the bedroom what
is going on here thought you left I'm
very Charmed okay get out I have a good
idea and after a long day of upgrading
you've deserved some rest
[Music]
sweet dreams you've worked really hard
today thanks for watching this AMD
upgrade if you enjoyed it why not watch
another shh though he's
sleeping so cute